# speedtest-cli
Forked from [https://github.com/PeterLinuxOSS/speedtest-cli](https://github.com/PeterLinuxOSS/speedtest-cli) to add the `--server-ip` option, allowing tests to known IPs such as `localhost` or a private Ookla server.

Command line interface for testing internet bandwidth using [speedtest.net](https://www.speedtest.net).

## Versions

`speedtest-cli` works with Python 2.4–3.7

## Usage

    $ speedtest-cli -h
    usage: speedtest-cli [-h] [--no-download] [--no-upload] [--single] [--bytes]
                         [--share] [--simple] [--csv]
                         [--csv-delimiter CSV_DELIMITER] [--csv-header] [--json]
                         [--list] [--server SERVER] [--exclude EXCLUDE]
                         [--mini MINI] [--source SOURCE] [--timeout TIMEOUT]
                         [--secure] [--no-pre-allocate] [--version]

    Command line interface for testing internet bandwidth using speedtest.net.
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    https://github.com/sivel/speedtest-cli

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --no-download         Do not perform download test
      --no-upload           Do not perform upload test
      --single              Only use a single connection instead of multiple. This
                            simulates a typical file transfer.
      --bytes               Display values in bytes instead of bits. Does not
                            affect the image generated by --share, nor output from
                            --json or --csv
      --share               Generate and provide a URL to the speedtest.net share
                            results image, not displayed with --csv
      --simple              Suppress verbose output, only show basic information
      --csv                 Suppress verbose output, only show basic information
                            in CSV format. Speeds listed in bit/s and not affected
                            by --bytes
      --csv-delimiter CSV_DELIMITER
                            Single character delimiter to use in CSV output.
                            Default ","
      --csv-header          Print CSV headers
      --json                Suppress verbose output, only show basic information
                            in JSON format. Speeds listed in bit/s and not
                            affected by --bytes
      --list                Display a list of speedtest.net servers sorted by
                            distance
      --server SERVER       Specify a server ID to test against. Can be supplied
                            multiple times
      --server-ip SERVER_IP Manually enter the destination IP of the server, using the
                            format IP:Port as 127.0.0.1:8080
      --exclude EXCLUDE     Exclude a server from selection. Can be supplied
                            multiple times
      --mini MINI           URL of the Speedtest Mini server
      --source SOURCE       Source IP address to bind to
      --timeout TIMEOUT     HTTP timeout in seconds. Default 10
      --secure              Use HTTPS instead of HTTP when communicating with
                            speedtest.net operated servers
      --no-pre-allocate     Do not pre allocate upload data. Pre allocation is
                            enabled by default to improve upload performance. To
                            support systems with insufficient memory, use this
                            option to avoid a MemoryError
      --version             Show the version number and exit


